c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.exe.config
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.exe
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.pdb
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.g.resources
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.exe
c:\users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.pdb
C:\Users\zeroner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_32.dll
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\KinectInteraction180_32.dll
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Controls.dll
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.Interaction.dll
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\ControlesDelToolkit.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.exe.config
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.exe
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\bin\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.pdb
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.g.resources
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.exe
C:\Users\comroom2\Desktop\Kinect-master\Practica 9\ControlesDelToolkit\ControlesDelToolkit\obj\Debug\PowerPointWithKinect.pdb
